You're not too stupid
But it's rubbish to just find out the secret now
The Empress said
The formation here
It will suppress the Reiki in your body to only 30%
The more motivated you are
The faster the aura dissipates
You really did anything to kill me
But you got it wrong.
So what?
You still can't break this formation
As long as you are lucky
Vitality will dissipate
In the end, you can only wait to die
If it can't be broken, it can't be broken.
This formation can only last for 3 hours
Well, we'll just wait and see.
Shen Yan
What happened to Miss Shen Yansu?
Is night
Mayo really appeared and suddenly stopped my car
Miss Su followed them
I originally arranged for someone to send someone to follow
But halfway through
The car suddenly disappeared
Yeah, sorry.
Master Shen is a subordinate who did not take good care of Miss
Better pray he's okay
Go and marry me for the sake of
Hello Shen Qiujie
Sucho is in my hands
If I want to die with him
Go to the old house alone
Sucho Sucho